The first step of the process was creating a board using bootstrap. Although I edited it later to mimic what Jen showed us in her lesson on Friday 4/5, it didn't change my initial plan of linking a class (.square) to each tic tac toe box. I then went on to add a click handler to listen for the boxes being clicked on in order to add an X or an O where necessary. From there the game logic was worked out: how to tell the cpu when there's a win or a tie and how to reset the game without allowing a player to click on another square. This click handler is filled with functions like when the player switched from X to O, when the game is over, what happens in the event of the new game etc etc. One of the more annoying parts of the game logic was switching X back to O in the event of a new game or at least getting the message display to do so. It turned out I just needed to change the currentPlayer in the endGame function. At the moment the code isn't very DRY, but that could be fixed with a little more time in the future. Once I had my fingers under the game logic it got easier and easier to put together, one of the biggest issues I had was lining up all the UI responses to the proper click handlers. The UI page for my authentication functions is still pretty messy, I know theres a more streamlined way to do it and I will work out all the kinks before plugging it into my portfolio.

Technologies: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, AJAX, API
Wireframe: https://i.imgur.com/qF3zbA1.jpg
User Stories: As a user, I don't want the page to keep reloading to ease gameflow. As a user, I want flash and color to heighten an otherwise basic game. As a winner, I want my score recorded so I can brag to my friends. As a user, I want the board to reset so I can play again!
